------------ What's left TODO of the generic commments --------------

----- (2) Code and replication materials -----

o Please include the latest version of your software package along
with the manuscript. This needs to encompass the full sources. Binary
versions can be provided in addition (but are not necessary for CRAN
packages). The version of the source packages published on
jstatsoft.org should be under a GPL-2 license.

TODO: package. Does that mean we should include 0.5.7?
-- We have added a note to the technical supplement that this is based on
version 0.5.6 of RKWard. Some implementation details have already changed
since then.

----- (3) Organization of the files -----

o The .tex, .bib, and compiled .pdf for your manuscript should be
called v49iXX.tex, v49iXX.bib, and v49iXX.pdf , where XX is the
two-digit number of your submission within the volume, e.g.,
v49i01.tex/bib/pdf.

o All graphics files should be collected in a sub-directory "Figures".
To help LaTeX find the graphics, you can simply include the line

\graphicspath{{Figures/}}

in the header of your .tex file.

o All code and replication materials should be collected in a
sub-directory "Code". The main replication file should be v49iXX.R or
v49iXX.txt (see point (2) above), where XX is again the two-digit
number of your submission.

o Please wrap all of these files into a single organized .zip (or
.tar.gz) file. Please make sure the .zip files only contains the
necessary files. That is, please do not include .aux, .log, etc.
files. Also, do not include the JSS style files (jss.cls, jss.bst,
jsslogo.jpg, etc.).



----------------- What's already done or not relevant ------------------

----- (1) Style ------

o Please have another look at the FAQ at
http://www.jstatsoft.org/style
and make sure that you follow all instructions closely.

o In particular, note that for describing components of GUIs, the
JSS-specific \code{} markup should be used. For example for menu
items, buttons, etc.

o Do not capitalize expansions of abbreviations. In particular
introduce the abbreviation GUI in regular text as "graphical user
interface" without capitalization. Similarly for "integrated
development environment" etc.

o Pay particular attention to your .bib files. In addition to the
advice in the FAQ, please make sure that all your software references
are current. Please use the current 2012 R citation (also included
below) and, if applicable, cross-reference other packages in this
volume with their full/correct reference. A list of suitable .bib
items is included below. (Note that for some titles
markup/capitalization have been changed according to JSS style.)

o In case your software is a CRAN package, please point out somewhere
(typically in the introduction) that your package is "available from
the Comprehensive \proglang{R} Archive Network at
\url{http://CRAN.R-project.org/package=...}" where ... should be
replaced with the name of your package.

o For R packages, please also make sure that you fix all ERRORs and
WARNINGs of R CMD check - and if possible also all NOTEs.

o In addition to the source package, please provide replication
materials for all examples/tables/figures from the manuscript. This
can be in the form of a standalone .R file containing the source code
(e.g., as generated from the GUI) or in a standalone .txt file
describing concisely what has to be clicked/entered in the GUI. If
extra data files are required, these should be supplied as well.

o Include the publication information in the LaTeX header of your .tex
file. This is:

\Volume{49}
\Issue{...}
\Month{June}
\Year{2012}
\Submitdate{...}
\Acceptdate{...}

where the "..." fields should be replaced with the correct information
for your submission.
